Add (README.md): Add instructions for setting up systemd service (#13)
RangerMauve/hyper-gateway: README.md

- `npm install`
- `npm run build`
- Look in the `dist` folder for the platform you want.

## FAQ

> ### How to run hyper-gateway as a background process?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How can I run hyper-gateway as a background process? (On Linux)
```

```
# Paste this into an interactive bash or zsh shell, or save it as a file and run it with sh.

# This will create the service file.
cat << EOF > ~/.local/share/systemd/user/hyper-gateway.service
[Unit]
Description=hypercore-protocol gateway daemon (for hyperdrive)
Documentation=https://github.com/RangerMauve/hyper-gateway

[Service]
Type=exec

> ExecStart=%h/.local/bin/hyper-gateway --writable true --silent true run

Reviewer: Would it be possible to have more docs added to this to explain how to get `hyper-gateway` into that location? Or what to do if you don't already have it there.

Author: Please check latest commit :)
